Clarify A3d (#40)
CarterKoala/wca-regulations-wrc: wca-regulations.md

        - A3c3) The competitor may reset the timer before the start of the solve.
        - A3c4) For Square-1, if the use of a thin object inside the puzzle has been enforced by the organization team (see [Regulation A2b1](regulations:regulation:A2b1)), the competitor may remove the object from the puzzle during inspection.
        - A3c5) For Square-1, the competitor should not be penalized for any accidental move made within the limits of [Regulation 10f](regulations:regulation:10f).

>     - A3d) At the end of the inspection, the competitor places the puzzle on the mat, in any orientation. The puzzle must be wholly on the mat and not in contact with the Stackmat timer. Penalty: time penalty (+2 seconds).

Reviewer: I'm not sure about the "not in contact with the Stackmat timer" part. If it's 1 mm far from the timer, then it's fine, but if it's touching it, then you get a +2. I think it may not be that easy to judge, and I'm afraid it might introduce harsh situations as well.

Reviewer 2: Agreed with Gennaro. This is my preferred suggestion (also replacing "wholly" with "fully"). This also clarifies any ambiguity regarding if a puzzle is "partially" on the mat

```suggestion
    - A3d) At the end of the inspection, the competitor places the puzzle on the mat, in any orientation. The puzzle must be placed fully on the mat and must not be fully or partially resting on top of the Stackmat timer. Penalty: time penalty (+2 seconds).
```

Author: ```suggestion
    - A3d) At the end of the inspection, the competitor places the puzzle on the mat, in any orientation. The puzzle must be placed fully on the mat and must not be fully or partially resting on the Stackmat timer. Penalty: time penalty (+2 seconds).
```
OK - the puzzle could still be propped up by being rested against the side of the timer though, or at least against a point that is debatably the top.

Reviewer 2: We could remove the "on top" part. 

Thinking about it more I guess I'm not that opposed to not allowing any contact like Hex's original suggestion - I think competitors won't want to place the cube directly against the timer anyway

Reviewer: I like the last suggestion from Hex.
